.\" Copyright (c) 2019 Giacomo Picchiarelli
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" $OpenBSD$
.\"
.TH MACRANDRD 8
.DD August 8, 2019
.SH NAME
macrandrd \- OpenBSD MAC address randomization daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B macrandrd
[\fB\-vDcd\fR\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR\fR]
.IR version
[\fB\-u\fR\fR]
.IR usage
[\fB\-D\fR\fR]
.IR daemon
mode
[\fB\-c\fR\fR]
.IR Change
MAC
addresses
randomly.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B macrandrd id a tiny OpenBSD MAC address randomization daemon.
macrandrd modifies MAC address every 30 seconds of every active network
interface in the system except for the following interfaces lo0 enc0 pflog0.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-D "
Daemon mode. Use \fBrcctl\fR(8) instead.
.TP
.BR \-c "
Change randomly MAC addresses.
.TP
.BR \-v "
Information version.
.TP
.BR \-d "
Change randomly MAC addresses. Debug mode.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBrcctl\fR(8)
.SH AUTHORS
macrandrd was written by Giacomo Picchiarelli <gpicchiarelli@gmail.com>